the former Scottish technician alex ferguson who
he gave him the opportunity javier
hernandez of military in football
European Union in the congress of
coaches who meet at the hotel
the gin reserve that well the
Mexican will score many goals in his
new team the real madrid is not going to be
very well in madrid will mark many
goals sure has the head very
centered and your desire you can always play
in Madrid he will come in handy these
were the words that the
strategist who directed the chicharito for
three seasons while wearing the
reins of javier manchester united
Hernández became a new element
of the template of the Real Madrid already
a couple of days to reach an agreement
loan for a year in the first
campaign that enjoyed that of the
hospitalization with guadalajara
Manchester United delivered its best
numbers and he was doing the post
holder under Ferguson's orders
done in the league final of
European champions who will play against
the barcelona came out as a starter in these
days that's good, so I'm taking
a lighthouse for the European leagues because of
the fifa hernandez date that was not
summoned by mexico is found
training in valdebebas to get to
point and be considered for the next
duel of the meringue template that will be
before the atletico of madrid several
strategists included carlo ancelotti
current technical director of Real Madrid
are in the forum organized by
the uefa where the technicians when
they expose and exchange their
impressions on the aspects that
affect football they also present
proposals on the eve of the resumption
of the league of champions and of europe
league